OSDOCS-16960 AUTH-2 CQA Part 2 (#113538)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/unauthenticated-users-cluster-role-binding.adoc

= Adding unauthenticated groups to cluster roles

[role="_abstract"]

> Grant unauthenticated users access to specific cluster roles to enable features like external webhooks or automated token management that require cluster access without authentication. Only grant this access when required and after verifying compliance with your organization's security standards.

Reviewer: I might have left the "As a cluster administrator, you can" part. And, per the ISG: [Do not use (like) to mean such as](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#l).

```suggestion
As a cluster administrator, you can grant unauthenticated users access to specific cluster roles to enable features, such as external webhooks or automated token management, that require cluster access without authentication. Only grant this access when required and after verifying compliance with your organization's security standards.
```
or
```suggestion
As a cluster administrator, you can grant unauthenticated users access to specific cluster roles to enable features that require cluster access without authentication, such as external webhooks or automated token management. Only grant this access when required and after verifying compliance with your organization's security standards.
```
I won't quibble about the misplaced _only_. Another one of my bugaboos.
